Helix King Labs — storefront shell

LOCAL SETUP
-----------
From the project folder, run:

  node server.js

Then open:

  http://localhost:4173

Requires Node.js 18 or newer. Zero npm dependencies.

IMPLEMENTED
-----------
1. Gate modal: 21+ and permitted-use confirmation; optional email; demo Google path.
2. Ticker and sticky header with Certificates as a first-class item.
3. Proof homepage: documentation headline, proof line, hard number, and hero SKU.
4. Catalog: research-name families with dose options; ops SKUs on order lines;
   no public price guide.
5. Product template: lot-specific certificate links, specifications, and
   volume table.
6. Certificate index: search by lot and product; one record per lot.
7. Policy pages: terms, shipping, privacy, and permitted use.
8. Popup and footer email signup using the same documentation offer.
9. Copy deck: data/copy-deck.json.
10. Cart rules: volume tiers of 2, 4, and 10+; first-order HELIX10;
    no sitewide sale.

OUT OF SCOPE
------------
Payments, payment processors, supply, and category-legality decisions are
not implemented by this storefront shell.

CONTENT AND RELEASE NOTES
-------------------------
Generated product photography is in public/img/.

Replace demonstration certificate numbers and documents with verified,
lot-matched laboratory reports before any commercial release.

Public shop plan:
  - Research vials only. Selank and Semax remain in the planned catalog.
  - Keep BAC water, AL-Kemi, H7, Snake, T2.5 tallow, Lights Out,
    Joint Juice, Lipo-C, L-Carnitine, and Sleepy/CBD off the public shop.
  - Incoming COAs in data/coas/incoming are operations-only. Do not publish
    them automatically or present them as verified reports on /testing.
  - Powder only; no reconstituted SKUs.
  - Public COAs remain off until reviewed.
  - Planned QR target: /testing?lot=XXXX on this domain.
  - Tools: /tools/label and /tools/calculator.

AUTHENTICATION
--------------
Email/password authentication uses scrypt and an httpOnly session cookie.

Google ID-token verification is enabled only when GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID is set.
Without it, the Google path remains a local demo. Confirm that the demo path
cannot authenticate visitors on a public deployment.

Apple Sign In is not enabled. Do not enable it until its configuration,
cost, and implementation are reviewed.

Set configuration values in the hosting environment, not in this file or
in GitHub:

  GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID
  HKL_PUBLIC_ORIGIN
  HKL_SECURE_COOKIES
  HKL_SECRET
  HKL_AUTH_DEMO

For a production deployment:
  - Set HKL_PUBLIC_ORIGIN to the site's actual HTTPS origin.
  - Enable secure cookies.
  - Disable demo authentication.
  - Generate a new, independent application/session secret.
  - Keep all secret values out of the repository and public/ directory.

Google Cloud configuration must use the site's actual HTTPS origin.
Keep any OAuth client secret in secure server-side configuration only;
never put it in frontend JavaScript or commit it to Git.

If an OAuth client secret has been pasted into chat, included in a commit,
or otherwise exposed, rotate it in Google Cloud before production use.

EMAIL
-----
Configure the intended sending address and SMTP service only after the
domain's email and DNS records are ready. Do not put SMTP passwords in
this repository.

ANALYTICS
---------
Analytics and advertising IDs remain unset in public/index.html until
their properties are created and the consent behavior is tested.
Do not publish tracking tags solely to test a draft storefront.

ORDER HANDLING
--------------
This catalog records an order; it does not take card or crypto payments.
Keep operations-only contact and settlement details off public pages and
out of the repository. Do not present an off-site handoff as an integrated
payment checkout.

Before launch, verify the actual order flow, product and certificate
accuracy, privacy/consent behavior, and applicable legal requirements.

GIT AND DEPLOYMENT
------------------
Review every file before committing. Do not commit credentials, .env files,
real customer/subscriber data, private operations records, or unpublished
documents. A private GitHub repository is not a substitute for secure
secret storage.

The Node app should be deployed to the host's Node.js Apps feature and
tested privately before making the storefront public.